so i've graduated uni and i've just
signed myself up for more exams
and i am increasingly wondering why i
did this to myself but hey
[Music]
hey so welcome to the vlog i have
decided that i am going to vlog
for the next few weeks just because i'm
getting a bit lonely you know i want
someone to talk to so
as sad as it is i'm just going to talk
to my camera for the next few weeks
also exams are approaching i've got
less than a month until they start so
i really do need to be concentrating and
knuckling down a bit more now
for those of you who don't know me i am
studying for
a professional qualification i'm trying
to become a qualified actuary and i'm
sitting
my first set of actuarial exams ifoa
exams
in april had a dream last night the
classic
student dream that my exams were
tomorrow and i hadn't done any revision
and i hadn't done enough prep for it and
it was a big
panic nightmare then i woke up and
realized it was all the dream it was
fine i still have
just under a month to go so also in my
dream last night i dreamt that my sister
was traveling to mars and then came back
on a day trip so that we could go to a
burrito shop
so that's always an interesting one if
anyone can tell me what these dreams
mean
then please do let me know it's really
difficult to pass all of these exams
first time
and most people will fail at least one
exam along the way i was looking at the
pass rates
and they're 60 for the exams i'm taking
so 40 of people who sit these exams fail
on average those odds aren't quite as
good as i'd like them to be
40 that's approaching half of all people
who sit these exams
will fail but hopefully i've put in
enough prep
the other thing is i have received my
mock result for
my statistics mock that i filmed myself
doing
a week or so ago but i haven't been
brave enough to open it yet
so i actually don't know what i got and
i'm thinking i might just
sit my other mocks first because i've
got the second part of my statistics
mock which i haven't sat either
i think the immediate plan is to
practice
some r some coding in r because the
part of the cs one the statistics mark
that i haven't done yet
is the part in r and that's because i
feel like i am not proficient enough in
r yet to do it i've come a long way from
when i started learning art a few months
ago but
i just kind of put it to the side and
was like yeah i'll come back to that
later
and now it's come around to the exams
approaching and i'm like oh
never did come back to that i am
actually just going to
quickly jot down some of the stuff i
want to get done today pen and paper
because
i don't have my phone on me which is
where i normally make my to-do lists
that is just because i've been really
bad at procrastinating at the moment
well my phone is great and it does
organize my life if i spend so much time
scrolling through social media and just
getting distracted by it it's just
really
not constructive to my work so i've
given it to my dad
for the whole of the day and i've said
to him don't give it back to me
until this evening i just don't have the
self-discipline at the moment to
stop myself from going on my phone okay
first thing i need to do is return a
close order
to the news agent to be sent off i also
need to draw up some invoices for
brand work that i've done recently can
you hear the birds
they get quite bad here during the
summer it's just it's coming up to that
time of year i know another very
important thing i need to do today
and that is go for a walk
that might seem silly like why do i need
to do that today but it's because i have
not been out the house
in probably a week i know this has been
a bit of a chatty start to the vlog but
i feel like i've needed to get you guys
up to speed you know where my life is at
[Music]
okay i've just been up at my mom's
workstation and i've
pulled together the invoices i spoke
about earlier and i think i'm gonna go
grab lunch now
we are out and about and off to
drop off the parcel that i was talking
about earlier
that i need to return to the news agent
and
realized could kill two birds and one
stone instead of driving to the news
agent
walk to the news agent and get my daily
walk in as well
as usual i'm with the two people who i'm
always with
my mum hello and my dad
can't really share any neighborhood
gossip can i
what i would much rather be doing is
going to a clothes shop and trying on
the clothes
and then buying the clothes but
online shopping even that has a little
bit of a thrill to it
and makes lockdown a teeny bit more
exciting okay everybody i've just got my
mask
on because
we like to be covered safe around here
even if the mask is
way too big
did it we're good hand sanitizing
everybody hand sanitizing
[Music]
i've done some work on r this afternoon
and
i am making progress but i'm just
frustrated i've hit a block
i'm just trying to set the working
directory and it just keeps erroring i
don't know why
it's upsetting me so i think i'm gonna
take a break in a moment
take a step away but i thought i'd just
show you
you know a few of my scripts i'm making
plots
i've got outputs that i can interpret
run that oh look a q q plot which stands
for quantile
quantile plot oh this is looking at the
poisson distribution
this one i am simulating results from
a gamma distribution and look at
different colors different line types
i've just got so many skills i've
apparently got 20 minutes until dinner
so i think i might whip out my saxophone
i've got a really fun book with
lots of pop songs in it the goal is
to become good enough at saxophone that
i can join
a concert band once lockdown is over and
play saxophone
i probably should practice some more
technical stuff on saxophone i have
never done
any scales or arpeggios on saxophone
[Music]
be
oh
[Music]
uh
huh
[Music]
hey
good afternoon everybody it has been a
busy day of work duplicate i am just
making a backup
of the project because
if i make a change to it and it all goes
wrong i don't want to be having to undo
my mistake i want to be able to have a
backup version which i can then
just pick up where i left off i've had
quite a varied day to day i had a call
this morning
that i thought was gonna take me half an
hour it ended up
being more like an hour and a half and
all the time i was in this call
i kept having messages pinging at me
like urgent
can you do this and paige do you have
time for this and
paige how much time do you have for this
this week and i was like oh
my god like everyone is messaging me at
once and i'm in a course obviously i
have to pay my attention to the call i'm
in
and not get distracted with all my admin
okay this duplication is nearly finished
what i'm working on at the moment is
processing
claims data for one of the clients that
i do work for
and this is their reinsurance claims
data and also reinsurance premiums data
so
reinsurance is insurance for insurers
insurers themselves will pay premiums
to re-insurers and the reinsurer
will take on some of the risk i'm just
looking at my to-do list
and i've got a lot of stuff that i said
i'd do today that i haven't done yet so
i'm gonna stop talking to the camera get
cracking on this stuff
get studying this evening i'm ready to
do a mock exam
tomorrow evening yes it's gonna happen
because i'm saying it right now
okay it is the evening and i'm feeling
very very tired like honestly
working is tiring staring at a screen
all day
more to the point is tiring i have been
reading this evening
and do you know what i just wanted a
nice
light happy book that was going to put a
smile on my face because
life at the moment is just a bit sad and
it's easy to be down in the dumps and so
i chose this book right
it's called the switch the joyful and
uplifting
sunday times best seller it's what it's
sold as i've started reading it
and i just want to cry like it's so sad
the sister of the main character has
passed away
quite recently when the book is set i
was told this was gonna be joyful and
uplifting
it just makes me wanna cry so i'm really
hoping you know that
it's going to look up and it's going to
really warm my heart because
i just want to read a heartwarming book
you know i think i'm going to go take my
makeup
off and get into my pajamas and then
look at some
r because i haven't done enough study
this evening when i say i haven't done
enough studied this evening
i haven't done any study this evening um
i just get tired after a working day i
just get into this mindset of well i've
done my work for the day i'm gonna have
the evening off
this is the problem with studying for a
professional qualification
while you're working in the profession
i've also been responding to
some messages from three of my uni
friends this evening
and like i really appreciate that people
take the time to message me honestly
i've been fighting increasingly as look
down has gone on i've just wanted to
retreat into my shell and i've just lost
my confidence with
social interaction a little bit i think
and it's nice
to have people messaging i'm just
heading to the dentist
bit of an excuse to take a break this
morning um but i've left it too late
classic me the one time she has to leave
the house and she doesn't leave in time
so i am speed walking to the dentist i
feel like old paige being late for
something and speed walking
the sun is shining
look at that blue sky success
i am heading back now
back to work hello
how is everybody
[Music]
i'm in my pajamas but i'm about to do a
mock exam
because i didn't realize the deadline
for submitting my mock for marking
is in two days time and i know i said i
was going to do the mock this evening
but was i really going to go through
with doing the mock this evening
i didn't know i had it in the back of my
mind that i might put it off for another
day again
but no i need to get it done because
there's literally a deadline it's also
just going to be good for me to actually
practice under timed conditions and see
if
i know enough r hopefully i know enough
r i had another quite nice day at work
today
caught up with a colleague and then
technically after my working day had
ended but i was still doing some work at
this point because i needed to get some
stuff done
i spoke to some of my university friends
lots of them
are applying for jobs and getting
offered jobs quite excitingly at the
moment
it's like we're all growing up i can't
believe it like it's proper adult stuff
we should still be little freshers at
university
why have we all graduated or graduating
soon and
having to do actual adult work and
thinking about
moving out and starting careers like
this is
big stuff you know but it always makes
the catch-ups interesting because i'm
really
nosy and obviously i want to know what
everyone else is doing
and what work they're planning on doing
and
where they're planning on living next
year
i've been checking with people at work
recently if i can have a couple of weeks
off
as annual leave in july and so far the
response has been
yeah go for it took it off hopefully
that continues
i have six weeks worth of holiday to
take this year
i haven't taken any yet i have none
booked in at the moment
i need to get on it but yeah now i'm
procrastinating i actually do need to
get started on this mock because
it is an hour and 45 minutes
and it's already past 8 30 i want to be
done
before 11 because i need sleep because
i've got another working day tomorrow
starting at nine o'clock
oh my god my laptop screen is so bright
how do i turn down that brightness
oh i can put night light on now given
i'm going to be staring at a screen
until 11 o'clock cause i'm doing my mock
i think it would be a good idea to take
away that blue light that's going to
keep me up
cs1 mock exam paper b i've got an hour
i'm gonna figure this out wish me luck
and
speak to you tomorrow
[Music]
i know i said i was going to speak to
you tomorrow but i just finished my mock
and i wanted to debrief and share my
experience because that was borderline
traumatic
i was expecting the questions to be
easier than they were
typically all the questions on the mark
were on
right at the end of the course the parts
that i hadn't gone through in detail
let's just add up the total marks i
answered 70
of the marks which isn't half bad
when i spent a lot of the mock just
going through
my notes and looking at practice
examples and stuff and then
trying to learn it and then apply it to
the questions in the mock
i'm surprised i didn't find it more
costly in time
having to look through my notes like
it's strange that they're open book now
and suddenly i can look at examples
while in the exam
anyway i'm gonna send off the mock for
marking now
and then i'm gonna get to bed because
it's almost 11 o'clock
good morning everybody i have just woken
up why am i so bad at getting up in the
mornings
it's 8 24 i've got a cool at nine this
morning so i've got
36 minutes to get ready i need to shower
i'm gonna have breakfast while i start
working but like
i hate getting up and this is not even
early like it's 8
24 if i was in an office i'd have to be
getting up at
seven something six something if i've
got a commute this is lovely this is
reasonable but
i'm just so bad with the mornings i'm
gonna run and go
shower get dressed to make myself look
presentable and call my line manager at
[Music]
nine
you